

A GunMan is hereinafter referred to as this application.

This application respects and protects the personal privacy of all users using the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the app will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat such information with a high degree of care and due diligence. Unless otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the app will not disclose or provide such information to any third party without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the usage agreement of this application service, you shall be deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the application service usage agreement.

1. Scope of application

(a) the personal registration information provided by you according to the requirements of the app when you register the account;
(b) application in your use of this web service, or access to this web application platform, the application automatically receive and record your browser and computer information, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, the use of language, visit date and time, software and hardware feature information and the page you need to record data such as;
(c) user personal data obtained through legal means from business partners in this application.
You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this privacy policy:
(a) the keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the application platform;
(b) the relevant information data collected by the app, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
(c) act in violation of the law or the rules of this application and the measures that the application has taken against you.

2. Use of information

(a) the application won't come to any irrelevant third party to provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information, unless get your permission in advance, or the third party and the application of this application (including affiliates) alone or together to provide the service for you, and at the end of the service, it will be banned from access to be able to access all the information including its before.
(b) the application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information by any means. If any user of the application platform engages in the above activities, the application shall have the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with that user.
(c) for the purpose of service users, the application may be through the use of your personal information, provide you with the information you have interested in, including but not limited to sent you product and service information, or to share information with this application partners so that they send you information about its products and services, which need your prior consent).

3. Information disclosure

The application will disclose all or part of your personal information in accordance with your personal wishes or legal requirements:
(a) disclose to a third party with your prior consent;
(b) you must share your personal information with third parties in order to provide the products and services you require;
(c) disclose to a third party or to an administrative or judicial body in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or with the requirements of the administrative or judicial body;
(d) if you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party;
(e) if you are the qualified complainant of intellectual property and have filed a complaint, you shall, at the request of the complainant, disclose it to the complainant so that the parties may settle a possible dispute of rights;
(f) in a transaction created on the application platform, if either party of the transaction performs or partially performs its transaction obligations and makes a request for information disclosure, the application shall have the right to provide such necessary information as the contact method of the other party of the transaction to the user to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of the dispute.
(g) other disclosures as deemed appropriate by laws, regulations or website policies.

4. Information storage and exchange

The information and data collected by the application regarding you will be kept on the server of the application and/or its affiliates, which may be sent to your country, region or the location where the application collects information and data and may be accessed, stored and displayed abroad.

5. Use of cookies

(a) if you do not refuse to accept cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use services or functions of the application platform that depend on cookies. The application USES cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services.
(b) you have the option to accept or reject cookies. You can reject cookies by modifying your browser Settings. But if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to log in or use your own network service or function that depends on cookies.
(c) the relevant information obtained through cookies set by this application will be applicable to this policy.

6. Information security

(a) the account number of this application has the function of security protection, please properly keep your user name and password information. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered through security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
(b) it is unavoidable for you to disclose personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty when using the application network service for online transactions. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only if necessary.

7. Changes to this privacy policy

(a) if a decision is made to change the privacy policy, we will publish the changes in this policy and where we think they are appropriate so that you understand how we collect and use your personal information, who has access to it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.
(b) I reserve the right to revise this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. Any major changes to this policy will be notified via the website.

The final interpretation right of this privacy policy belongs to the platform.
